exercises/ex5/README.md, before:

# Configure the RFC Connection
In this exercise, you will configure the connection using the OAuth Client Profile from the previous exercise. 
The RFC connection will be used for the outbound calls to Data Ingestion.

[//]: # (TODO: Fix this heading)
## Create an OAuth client

- Call transaction `SM59`

- Press the ***Create*** button

- In the *Create Destination* dialog:
   - Enter a destination name for ***Destination*** (e.g. ***`DT261_<your participant number>`***),
   - Select ***`G HTTP connection to external server`*** for ***Connection Type***,
   - Click the green checkmark button (*Continue*).

- In the ***Technical Settings*** tab of the new page:
   - Enter the ***`openapi_url`*** from the service binding file in the ***Host*** field. Remove `https://` from the value.<br>E.g.: For `"openapi_url":"https://api.us.teched.sap"` the 'Host' will be `api.us.teched.sap`

      ![](images/EX5_1.jpg)

- In the ***Logon & Security*** tab:
   - Push the ***OAuth Settings*** button,

[//]: # (TODO: Needs name)
   - Select the Profile and Configuration from exercise 4 CIC_OAUTH_PROFILE and the configuration name from exercise 4,

      ![](images/EX5_2.jpg)

   - Select the ***Active*** radio button for the ***SSL*** field in the *Status of Secure Protocol* section,

      ![](images/EX5_3.jpg)

   - Press the ***Save*** button.

## Next Steps

[//]: # (TODO: Add a description of what happens next)

### Go back to: [**Create an OAuth client**](../ex4/README.md) or Continue to: [**Configure the Data Replication Framework - Business System**](../ex6/README.md)

Commit message:

Add connection test to SM59

exercises/ex5/README.md, after:

# Configure the RFC Connection

In this exercise, you will configure the connection using the OAuth Client Profile from the previous exercise. 
The RFC connection will be used for the outbound calls to Data Ingestion.

[//]: # (TODO: Fix this heading)

## Create an OAuth client

* Call transaction `SM59`

* Press the ***Create*** button

* In the *Create Destination* dialog:
   - Enter a destination name for ***Destination*** (e.g. ***`DT261_<your participant number>`***), 
   - Select ***`G HTTP connection to external server`*** for ***Connection Type***, 
   - Click the green checkmark button (*Continue*).

* In the ***Technical Settings*** tab of the new page:
   - Enter the ***`openapi_url`*** from the service binding file in the ***Host*** field. Remove `https://` from the value.<br>E.g.: For `"openapi_url":"https://api.us.di-ics.services.sap"` the 'Host' will be `api.us.di-ics.services.sap`

      ![](images/EX5_1.jpg)

* In the ***Logon & Security*** tab:
   - Push the ***OAuth Settings*** button, 

[//]: # (TODO: Needs name)
   - Select the Profile and Configuration from exercise 4 CIC_OAUTH_PROFILE and the configuration name from exercise 4, 

      ![](images/EX5_2.jpg)

   - Select the ***Active*** radio button for the ***SSL*** field in the *Status of Secure Protocol* section, 

      ![](images/EX5_3.jpg)

   - Press the ***Save*** button.
   
   - Run a connection test.

   ![](images/EX5_4.jpg)

  

## Next Steps

[//]: # (TODO: Add a description of what happens next)

### Go back to: [**Create an OAuth client**](../ex4/README.md) or Continue to: [**Configure the Data Replication Framework - Business System**](../ex6/README.md)
